In this video I'm going to present the main properties of the argument on to a book or you know you
know is a microcontroller board based on a bit of mega 328 microcontroller.
It also has other components such as crystal oscillator operating at 16 megahertz frequency of communication
through us part a voltage regulator to regulate voltage at three or five parts and many different input
output parts.
Arduino has 14 digital input output pins out of which six can be used as P.W. and outputs.
It also has six analog input is ID from zero to five about a bottle of Jack that receives an input voltage
of 12 volt and circuit serial programming header and a reset button.
There are two types of sensors that can be used with Arduino on board some sensors provide digital data
and some other sensors provide analog data digital data sensors should be connected to the board through
the digital input output pins and analog sensors must be connected to the board with the analog bits.
Everything has a number and this number allows to identify the signal being in the programming environment
through which the data will be received from the sensor.
This makes it so easy to interface with any sensor in the programming environment what you observe in
the top is called the Arduino based shield the shield can be mounted on top of the arguido board to
be able to connect sensors through it to be able to connect sensor to it using four pin connectors.
This is the Arduino based shield Vol. 2 and this is the 4 pin connector and you can observe that the
base shield has several inputs.
We have digital inputs the two the three 4 and to the eight we have to see inputs and also you have
analog inputs.
It's possible also to configure the base shield whether to operate at 5 volt or three vote using this
switch.
This is the reset button here and it has also a u r interface.
The base is very useful to connect multiple sensors to the Arduino book in the next video.
I will try a sample program using the Arduino ID and demonstrate how simple it is to develop a program
that interfaces with sensors.